PRIVACY POLICY
==============

Last updated December 01, 2018

Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Mirai Labs ("Company", "we", "us", "our"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at hello@mirailabs.io.

When you visit our website or mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites or Apps and our services.

This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our websites (such as https://mirailabs.io or https://express-saver.com), mobile applications ("Apps"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites").

Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. What information do we collect?
2. How do we use your information?
3. Will your information be shared with anyone?
4. Who will your information be shared with?
5. How do we keep your information safe?
6. Do we collect information from minors?
7. Controls for Do-Not-Track features
8. Do California residents have specific privacy rights?
9. Do we make updates to this policy?
10. How can you contact us about this policy?

1. What information do we collect?

Some information - such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics - is collected automatically when you visit our Sites or Apps.

2. How do we use your information?

We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.

Specifically, we use the information we collect or receive:

 - To Request Feedback: We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Sites or Apps.
 - For Business Purposes: We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites or Apps, products, services, marketing, and your experience.

3. Will your information be shared with anyone?

We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.

We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:

 - Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
 - Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonable necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
 - Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
 - Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
 - Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threads to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.

 More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:

 - Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers: We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites or Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites or Apps over time. This information may e used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand online activity. Unless descried in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent, or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
 - Business Transfers: We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

4. Who will your information be shared with?

We only share your information with the following third parties:

 - Web and Mobile Analytics: Google Analytics

5. How do we keep your information safe?

We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. However, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites or Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.

6. Do we collect information from minors?

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the relevant age without parental consent, we will take steps to delete that information.

7. Controls for Do-Not-Track features

We do not currently respond to Do-Not-Track browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.

8. Do California residents have specific privacy rights?

California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the types of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.

9. Do we make updates to this policy?

Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

10. How can you contact us about this policy?

If you have any questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at hello@mirailabs.io.
